# CHATool
## Cookie/Header Audit Tool

This is a simple tool which when given a URL via the python console will give you back a secarma formatted word document stating which cookies and headers are missing, depreicated, unnessesary or incorrectly configured.

## How to use:
Currently in this preproduction version there is no runnable executable generated by the application. To run it you need to do the following:
- Clone the project
- Open the root directory in visual studio code
- From within visual studio code, set up your virtual environment. See this project and file for help: https://github.com/d-lan2/PythonExampleProject/blob/34ffe4ee3a205fd7446e81e25a26d6b082777045/src/main.py#L1
- Install the required packages via the requirements.txt
 `(venv) $ python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Run the application. Here is how i do it from within visual studio code:
  `(venv) PS C:\xxx\Src\CHATool> python .\main.py`

## How to contribute:
NOTE: Never commit to main branch. Always make a clone of the repo and create a branch before pushing the branch upstream.
Run the project as described above. 
- Configure the visual studio code test runner. See this file for help: https://github.com/d-lan2/PythonExampleProject/blob/34ffe4ee3a205fd7446e81e25a26d6b082777045/tests/module_test.py
- Make code changes.
- Make sure all tests pass before commiting any changes.
- Push your branch upstream and request a code review

Adding and removing packages:
From within a venv terminal run your pip commands for example:
- `(venv) PS C:\xxx\CHATool> pip install pytest`

To modify the requirements.txt run the following commmand:
- `(venv) PS C:\xxx\CHATool> pip freeze > requirements.txt`
